---
layout: post
title: "Full Stack Software Development Intern"
date: 2012-05-22
excerpt: "PERFORM Centre of Concordia University"
feature: /assets/img/PERFORM.jpg
tags: [PHP, laravel, MATLAB]
comments: true
---
 

## Full Stack Software Development Intern
### Perform Center, Concordia Univeristy
#### Summer 2019

### Description

As part of my final year project, my capstone team collaborated with the PERFORM center of Concordia university to build Open-MRS. 

Open-MRS is an open source web platform used in the analysis of magnetic spectroscopic data to identify different metabolite concentrations found in-vivo brain tissue. The application offers the ability to store and read proprietary MRS data from popular MRI vendors, such as, GE and Siemens. Before getting the final result, the raw data will be put through many stages of pre-processing. The main pre-processing stages include spectral registration to remove the effects of frequency and phase drift, noise filtering and removal of motion-corrupted scans. The preprocessed data will then be inserted into an analysis software, TARQUIN, to output the quantified concentration of neuro-chemicals. Finally, the fully processed data is stored and displayed graphically onto the application. 

### Contributions

* Implement functionality for analyzing MRS data
* Metabolite concentration quantification
* Reporting the results obtain from different analysis methods (single and group analysis).
* Front-end and Back-end development for the website
* Document changes
